[Music]
in 1998 adonis donnie johnson the son of
an extramarital lover a former
heavyweight champion Apollo Creed is
serving time in a Los Angeles youth
detention center
when Creed's Widow Mary Ann visits and
offers to take him in in 2015
Donnie resigns from the Smith Board Lee
Financial Group to pursue his dream of
becoming a professional boxer Mary Ann
vehemently opposes his aspiration
remembering how her husband was killed
in the ring against Ivan Drago thirty
years ago Donnie auditions at the elite
Delfy boxing Academy managed by family
friends Tony and little Duke Evers jr.
the son of Rocky's trainer but has
turned down undaunted Donnie travels to
Philadelphia in hopes of getting in
touch with his father's old friend and
rival former heavyweight champion Rocky
Balboa
Donny meets rocky at Rocky's Italian
restaurant Adrian's named in honor of
his deceased wife and asks rocky to
become his trainer Rocky is reluctant to
return to boxing having already made a
one-off comeback at a very advanced age
despite having suffered brain trauma
during his career as a fighter however
he eventually agrees Donny asks him
about the secret third fight between him
and Apollo just after Apollo helped
rocky regain the heavyweight title and
rocky reveals out Apollo 1 Donnie trains
at the Front Street gym a several of
Rocky's longtime friends as cornermen he
also finds a love interest in Bianca an
up-and-coming singer and songwriter
Donny now known as Hollywood Donny
defeats a local fighter and word gets
out that he has Creed's illegitimate son
rocky receives a call from the handlers
of world light heavyweight champion
Pretty Ricky Conlan who was being forced
into retirement by an impending prison
term he offers to make Donny his final
Challenger provided that he change his
name to Adonis Creed Donny box at first
wanting to forge his own legacy however
he eventually agrees while helping Donny
train rocky learns he has non-hodgkins
lymphoma he is unwilling to undergo
chemotherapy remembering that it was not
enough to save Adrienne when she had
ovarian cancer his diagnosis and the
fact that his best friend and
brother-in-law Polly panino Adrian's
brother has now died in addition to
Adrian Apollo and his old trainer Mickey
gold mill further forced him to confront
his own mortality
seeing rocky shaken Donny urged sin to
seek treatment Donny fights Conlan at
Goodison Park in Conlon's hometown of
Liverpool and many parallels emerge
between the bout that ensues and Apollo
and Rocky's first fight 40 years earlier
first before entering the ring Donny
receives present from Mary Ann new
American flag trunk similar to the ones
Apollo and later rocky
war
additionally to the surprise of nearly
everyone Donny gives Conlan all he can
handle
Conlan knocks Donny down but Donny
recovers to knock Coleman down for the
first time in his career Donny goes the
distance but Colin wins on a split
decision just as Apollo retained his
title by split decision against rocky as
the announcer puts it Conlan won the
fight but Creed won the night Conlan
tells Donny that he is the future of the
light heavyweight division the film ends
with Donny and a frail but improving
rocky climbing the 72 steps outside the
entrance of the Philadelphia Museum of
Art
[Music]